And I break it down
to its component parts.
- A chop shop.
- How much money we talking about?
You'll make more money in two months
than you could in two years.
- Who's that?
- That's ryan.
Is there something
you want to tell me about ryan?
I will say that I feel
a lot better.
Look, I've got some bad news.
I'm pregnant,
and it's yours.
I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
- And I'm so scared.
- Come here.
I am filled
with pride and love
As I look out
over this congregation.
And there is our own star
on the football field,
Luke Cafferty.
Thank you, luke, for making
your congregation so proud.
- Amen.
- Thank you.
Let us pray.
Our father who art in heaven...
Hallowed be thy name,
Thy kingdom come,
thy will be done...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Well, awesome.
I believe this belongs
to you, sir.
- All right.
- Appreciate it again, huh?
I'll see you soon.
I can't take any more
of these skeletons.
- What do you mean? Why not?
- I think you can guess.
I ain't asked any questions
about where you been getting
These car frames
you've been bringing in.
But I ain't real interested
in the cops surprising me either.
You keep showing up
with these stripped cars,
They're gonna show up too.
All right.
- Sorry.
- Yeah, don't be.
Thank you.
Let the tight end clear.
Slot receiver crosses
underneath, you hold.
You hit the third receiver.
He's gonna be running the delay.
All right, so that third
receiver's taking too long,
And then, like,
the defense is in my face--
Listen to me.
You let the tight end clear.
Slot receiver
crosses underneath.
You hold.
You hit the third receiver.
He's running a delay.
Can you see that?
- Yeah.
- You can see that?
- I can see it.
- You can see it?
- Yes, sir.
- You understand that?
Yeah, coach, I got to go,
'cause mr. Merriweather's
not a happy man when I'm late.
Hey, I want you to know
this stuff sooner than later.
Yes, sir.
- How you doing, coach?
- I'm doing good. How are you?
How's the kid doing?
You know, showing up on time,
doing the work.
So I see you're doing
a delay drag.
So you're gonna start
putting in timing patterns.
Thinking about it, yeah.
Looking forward
to the game.
What the hell's
that supposed to mean?
How you doing?
Well, I woke up this morning,
and I'm still pregnant,
So had better days.
Kind of puts that b-minus I got
in geography into perspective.
Talk to your mom yet?
No.
I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
You need to talk
to your mom.
Why?
She'll understand.
You don't know her.
Come on.
- Where are we going?
- Give me your hand.
Trust me.
Let's go.
- Hey, tim. How are you?
- Hi, mrs. Taylor. Good.
- Um, sorry,
coach isn't here right now,
But he should be back probably
in a couple hours or so.
- Yeah, I'm actually here
to talk to you.
- Okay.
Everything all right?
I need your help.
Come on in. - It's actually
for a friend of mine.
- Have y'all talked
about your options at all?
- Oh, tim's not the father.
- We're just friends.
Um, tim, you know, I think
it would be a good idea
For you to wait outside
for a moment,
Give becky and I some privacy.
- Yeah.
Yeah, of course.
I'll be outside.
Have you told your parents?
No.
Okay.
Do you think it would put you
in any kind of harm,
Any kind of physical
or emotional harm,
If you were to tell them?
- No.
- Okay.
It's just me and my mom.
I just--I just haven't been able
to tell her yet.
- Well, I think my first
suggestion is gonna be
For you to try to find a way
to tell her
As soon as you can.
I think that's gonna be
real important.
Okay.
Okay?
Does the father know?
Yeah, he does, but...
I barely know him,
And I don't love him
or anything. And...
It's just like this whole thing
is a bad dream and--
I understand.
- I just keep wanting it
to go away.
What should I do?
- Um, you have
free medical assistance
Available to you
throughout your pregnancy.
There's a teen clinic.
They're real helpful
and knowledgeable there.
I can refer you
to the adoption agency,
- Uh, that's local here.
- What if I don't--
What if I don't want
to have the baby?
- I can direct you
to literature...
For that.
Let's go now, 5.
Good splits now.
Come off the ball.
- Vince, come here.
- Bring it in!
- Look, you're gonna want
to rush this play--don't.
Let the receivers clear.
Understood?
- What about the offensive line?
They're not blocking.
- Why don't you just worry
about the lanes
And worry about your own job--
how's that?
Come on, now, son.
Let's go.
- Come on, you got this, 5.
Let's go. Call it.
- These guys
got to get it together.
I mean, this is...
Oh, shazam.
- He get his feet under him,
he'll be all right.
Big mary.
Mary, mary, quite contrary.
How y'all doing?
What's up, baby?
- How's it going out there?
- Not too good, man.
- Vince would be lucky
to hit water from a boat today.
- Pre-snap protection, now.
Come on!
- Let's do it!
- Give him some time. Let's go!
- That kid can run
like the wind, brother.
Not as fast as virgil was.
Nobody cut upfield
like you did, boy.
- They're not very good,
are they?
What is this?
I mean, I--honestly,
I bet I could sue them
For false advertising.
What is this?
This is crap.
This is not even something
that should go into our bodies--
I'm pregnant.
That's not even funny, becky.
Why would you s--
No, you're not.
What--
- Oh, damn it!
You're kidding me, right?
You're not kidding me?
You're telling me right now
that you're pregnant?
Oh, damn it, becky!
Did she go down all right?
- Yeah, after four books
and a few stories,
I had to crawl
out of the room again.
- That's
what it takes nowadays.
- She's getting smart
like that.
Hey!
- Hey, shh!
- Don't slam the door.
- Is grace already asleep?
- Yes, you missed her.
And you missed dinner.
- I was just busy.
Sorry.
- So busy.
- Busy?
You're always busy.
- Busy, busy all the time.
In the busy place.
So speaking of being busy,
Uh, Wednesday night
when we have dinner,
I invited a friend over.
Oh, what kind of a friend?
- Um, do you remember
that guy ryan?
He works for habitat--
- right, I remember ryan.
Okay.
- Yeah, he's gonna come over.
But I got to go do homework,
and I love you guys.
Talk to you later.
- Love you.
Nice talking to you.
- Don't wake her up.
- I'm not gonna wake her up.
- How old is that kid?
- I don't know, honey.
That's not gonna last.
I can tell you that right now.
It's a rebound.
So one thing
I got to tell you, though.
Tim riggins
came over here today
With a girl
from east dillon high.
- Came over here?
- Mm-hmm.
- What did he
come over here for?
'cause she was pregnant.
- Tim riggins
is gonna be a father?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I know. That's what
I thought too, but, no.
Uh, no, they said
he's not the father.
But it was his girlfriend?
No, I don't think it was.
I don't know.
I think they were friends
or something.
It was very--
it was very strange, honey.
Well, wait a second.
Why did he--
why did he come over here?
- I don't know
what his involvement is.
I'll tell you one thing, though.
She needed someone to talk to.
- Did it go all right?
- I think so.
You know, I did
what I'm supposed to do.
I told her
about some of her options
And told her she should talk
to her parents.
hey, mom.
I brought you home
some barbecue--
Ribs, chicken, greens,
'cause I don't eat nothing
compared to you.
mom.
Mom.
Mom?
Hey, hey.
Mom.
Hey--hey, I need an ambulance
to 2609 chavez,
Apartment 23.
Hey.
- Hey.
What happened?
- Hmm?
You o.D.'d.
You had
a little bit too much.
The doctor's got you sedated,
And, um...
You--you're gonna be
just fine.
Mm-hmm.
You're gonna be all right.
Come here.
Give your mother a hug.
No, mom.
No.
It's so
you won't hurt yourself.
Oh.
Okay.
- Mom.
- Hmm?
- Why do you keep doing this
to yourself?
Why do you
keep doing this to me?
I mean, am I that bad?
why don't you
want to be with me?
Why do you--why do you want
to leave me by myself?
Because...
I don't know if I...
I don't know
if I can do it by myself.
Baby...
- I can't do it by myself,
mom.
Hey, how you doing?
- Fine.
Everything's awesome.
Let me.
Can we talk, please?
- About what?
- You know what
I want to talk about.
- You haven't told anyone,
have you?
- No.
- 'cause that is seriously
The last thing
I need right now.
I didn't. I--
- Look, I haven't made
the appointment yet.
So just stop hassling me.
- Okay. I'm not hassling you.
- This is my problem, and I'm
figuring it out on my own, okay?
So you just need
to forget about it.
I can't.
- Well, that's what
I'm trying to do.
Hey, becky.
- Hey. How's it going?
Hey, did you do your homework?
Oh, cool, can I copy it?
Thanks.
- So I replaced the timing belt.
That was $110, all right?
I checked all the fluids.
I checked all your hoses.
And just threw in
a, uh, free oil change--
- Hey, billy, what you got
going on here?
- Hey! What are you doing?
Don't touch that!
What are you doing?
Chill, man.
- Fixing cars
is delicate, man.
I don't need you walking
around here touching on things.
- Just relax.
He didn't even touch anything.
I was looking at him
the whole time.
- Yeah. So it's, uh,
$140 all together.
All set.
- Texas law requires
that I inform you
Of the probable gestational age
of your pregnancy
At the time that we plan
to do the procedure.
Now, you can estimate the age
by counting--
- We get it, doctor,
all right?
I'm sorry.
This isn't necessary.
You don't have to go through
the whole procedural options,
Blah, blah, blah.
She's not having a baby.
She's having an abortion.
- I understand. I just--
this is state mandated,
Everything that I'm saying.
- I'm just trying to save
everybody some time.
There's no point in going
through all the details.
I don't care
what the state mandates.
We really don't need
to hear this information.
- After I finish
telling this information,
Then she can decide
what she wants to do.
- She's already decided
Unbelievable.
I'm supposed to listen
to some right-wing doctor
Give me a trip,
take another day off from work
So he can tell us
we're trash.
"oh, you got a teenage
daughter who's pregnant.
You must be trash too."
It's so insulting.
- I'm sorry!
- You don't--
- Becky. Becky.
Becky...
It's all right.
You are gonna be fine.
Listen to me--
you are gonna do this.
And you're gonna live
your life,
And this is not--you're not even
gonna think about it anymore.
Okay?
You don't have to be sorry.
You're gonna be fine.
I promise.
[sniffles]
- Hey, excuse me.
- Uh-huh?
- You're in charge
of the rehab programs, right?
- No, but I can help you
with it.
- Well, the nurse said
I should talk to you
About getting my mom
into rehab?
- What's your mom's name?
- Regina howard.
- You're looking
at a 30-day inpatient program.
- Okay.
- Here, let me see.
Um, looks like we have
an opening around...
The beginning of the yea
Okay?
- But I'm pretty sure you guys,
you know,
Get cancellations
all the time or whatnot,
Because my mom--
she needs help now.
- I'm sorry, but the state
residential centers
Have a really long
waiting list.
So there are cancellations,
But you're still probably
looking at around January.
- January.
- Yeah.
There are also private
rehab centers out there.
- Okay.
- Like...
This is one.
They almost always
have openings, okay?
This looks pretty expensive.
Yeah.
[quietly] yeah.
- You know
what your problem is?
- No, but I'm sure
you're gonna tell me.
What is my problem?
- Your problem is you don't know
how to coach vince.
I don't know how to coach?
- Mm-mm.
Didn't say that.
Said you don't know
how to coach vince.
You don't know
how to talk to him.
- Look, you're not
looking at me
And telling me
that I can't coach vince
Because he's black
and I'm white, are you?
- That's not what I'm saying.
- What are you saying?
- I'm saying I might be
seeing some things
That you might be missing.
- See, now, this is one of those
Supremely irritating
conversations that we have.
Are you seeing it
because you're black?
- Look, I don't understand vince
because I'm black.
I understand him
because he's me.
Do you know
what it's like to be
The most athletic guy
on the field
And then be told,
"don't follow your instincts.
Follow the playbook,
no matter what"?
- What the hell
am I supposed to do?
What do you want me to do?
The kid's got to learn
the plays.
- Look, I know he has to know
the plays--I'm not stupid.
- Telling me I can't coach
my kids because they're black.
- Would you stop it with that?
- I know the kid's got talent.
I'm just trying to give him
a skill set.
- I know that.
- Well, you know what?
Telling me I can't coach Because
you don't like what I do on the field.
- Can we have two more, robin?
- You got it.
I do appreciate you...
Callin'
a cab last night, honey.
But I think you need to face
the realities about your age,
Which is that you can't go
drinking like that
On a school night.
Where is your car?
- Wait. Stop.
- Well, where is your car?
- Just stop.
I'm stopped.
You don't even remember
what bar you were at, do you?
Go around back.
- Okay.
Good lord.
You need to not feel like you
got to drink everybody
Down under the table--
- it's right there.
So it is.
- There it is.
- Mm-hmm.
Right.
- You gonna take me
to my car?
- I think you can walk.
A walk will do you some good.
Are you serious?
Fresh air in your hair.
- Love you.
- Love you too.
- Hope you feel better today.
Love you!
Feel better today!
- All right, see you later.
Bye!
- Billy, we can't keep
doing this.
We're begging to get busted.
- I know. I get it, okay?
I'm not a moron.
- The cops are gonna show up.
- What do you want to do?
- Figure something out.
- Billy?
- That's what I want to do.
- Yeah, baby, I'm coming!
One second.
It's getting too risky.
- I get it, okay?
I get it.
Hey. Hey.
We could, uh...
We could, like, you know,
Drive them off a cliff.
They have no engines, billy.
We've stripped them
and sold them.
Good call.
Oh, hey, tim.
I got another idea.
We can take them out
to the lake,
Just take the car frames
out to the lake
And just dump them
in the lake.
- Yeah, billy,
just strap 'em on my back.
I'll swim out there.
We could bury 'em.
We could just take 'em out
in the middle of nowhere
And just dig a big-ass hole
and just bury them.
- That's a lot of work.
- Yeah, it's a lot of work.
It's a lot of money we're making
off these things.
It's a lot of trouble if we
don't find a place for 'em.
- Guess we'll bury 'em.
- All right.
So, ryan, um, how long
Were you in indonesia for?
Uh, maybe two months?
First month, we just spent
clearing earthquake debris,
And then we started rebuilding
people's houses,
And it was just--
I mean, an amazing experience.
- And was all that
for school credit?
- Started out that way,
and then...
You know, I kind of wanted
to take an extended leave,
Got hooked, and just been
traveling ever since.
Mm.
- Did you know
you can travel the whole world
Working for habitat,
rebuilding houses?
Yes, honey.
So, coach, uh,
Julie tells me
you coach football.
I heard, uh, the other day
it was gonna rain on Friday.
You know, how was that?
How's what?
- Yeah, I mean,
it must be weird, you know?
Everyone out there
in the rain,
Playing football.
You know?
It's raining...
- Yeah, it can get
pretty weird.
- Are you gonna stay in town
or, um...
I'm gonna get some more
of these popovers.
- No, uh...
Well, actually,
I'm the team leader
of a new building project,
So I'm gonna leave
to arizona next week.
Oh, that's a shame.
But you know what?
Arizona's a beautiful place.
- That is beautiful there
in arizona.
Dry.
- It's a desert, honey.
- Mm-hmm. Very dry.
- I've never been, but...
She ain't here.
- Well, actually,
I came to talk to you.
Come on.
Sir, I know this is gonna
sound a little suspect...
Seeing as I just now
started working for you, but...
I'm gonna need an advance
on my check.
Why?
It's nothing bad.
How much?
4 grand.
- So what kind of trouble
you in?
It's not me.
Between you and I?
Yeah.
- I've been trying to get my mom
checked into a rehab center.
Uh-huh.
Well, don't they have
programs, you know,
For lower-income housing?
They're all full.
List--the whole city's
trying to get on that list.
- Well, how is she?
- She's not good.
- I...I can't give you
an advance, vince.
[stammers]
Son, I just don't have it.
Look here.
I want you to hear this.
Hear me now.
I'm saying no to the money,
but not to you.
I'm proud of you for coming
to me and asking me,
'cause I know it ain't easy,
And I know you trying to do
something with your life now.
And I want you to know
I believe in you.
We'll figure this out.
Okay.
All right.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
How come you believe in him?
Past three years,
you been saying
That vince ain't nothing
but a no-good lowlife,
And suddenly you find it so
necessary to be there for him.
I can never get you
to come to caleb's games
Or show up to the lions' games
When I'm dancing
on the sidelines
Or come to my academic smackdown
when I'm scoring points.
But...
You want to go
and watch vince practice.
And you're proud of him.
I try really hard
to make you proud too.
[whispers] babe.
[louder] babe.
Hmm?
Hey, honey?
What?
- [whispering] what do you think
julie would do
If she got pregnant?
- What?
- She's not pregnant, honey.
She's not pregnant.
But what do you think
she would do?
- [whispering]
what are you doing?
- I mean, would she--
would she talk to us?
She would talk to us,
wouldn't she?
What would she do?
- Oh, babe,
it's 3:00 in the morning.
- You think she'd feel
comfortable talking--
You want to talk about julie
And having
a hypothetical pregnancy.
Are you crazy?
That's just wrong.
- Honey, we're both
having nightmares.
- Well, don't do that.
Come to bed.
Come.
Y'all come to bed.
Can't sleep?
- Uh-uh.
- How's the hip?
- It's good.
- Something's bothering you.
I don't know what it is.
I'm not gonna pry
if it's none of my business.
I'm good.
Is it football?
I'm your dad.
If something's bothering you,
it's bothering me.
- There's a girl,
and I got her pregnant.
I got a girl pregnant.
I really didn't mean
to disappoint you.
I'm sorry.
- Vince, come here.
Come here.
Yes?
Look, this series,
I don't want you
waiting on your reads.
If you see something you like,
you take it, understood?
- But I thought you said--
- don't worry about what I said.
Worry about what I'm telling
you right now, understood?
Yeah.
- We good?
- Yeah. Good.
- Okay, they're running
wing trips, double slant.
I want you to run
to the slant,
And I want you to knock
vince on his ass.
- I don't get it, coach.
Why are you telling us the play?
- I'm telling you because
I want you to sack vince,
And if you can't do that now,
You really are
a bunch of jug butts.
- Ready.
[group claps]
Ready. Set.
Hut, hike.
- Let's go, son.
That's it.
Good job.
Let's go. Hustle up!
Hustle up!
Let's go!
Hey.
- Your father told me
what's happened.
- I couldn't keep something
like this from your mother.
It's okay, luke.
Mary and joseph thought
They were in a situation, too,
at first.
- Becky and me
are not mary and joseph, mom.
- Becky.
That's her name?
Well, we need
to meet this becky,
And then we'll figure out
what to do.
- How did you figure out
how to get up here?
Well, anywhere I go,
I look
for the tallest building
Or vantage point
or whatever,
And I try to find
a way up.
This is pretty good.
It's higher up
than any building
In pavones, costa rica.
- What's the best place
you've ever been?
Oh, that's easy.
Senegal, west africa.
I'll show you.
Which is maybe 9,000 miles
that way,
Which would make oaxaca
1,000 miles
in this direction
And new york
1,500 miles that way.
What about you?
Where are you headed...
Eventually?
Eventually...
I don't know.
Do you hate it here?
I used to hate it,
And then I just...
Kind of changed.
I guess I just--
I really want to see
the world.
And that sounds
really cliche.
No. No, it doesn't.
Look.
What?
That's you...
Seeing the world.
- It's really beautiful
up here.
- [breathlessly]
this is the...
Stupidest thing we've ever done.
[shovel digging]
Stupidest thing
we've ever done by far.
- I don't want to hear about it
right now, tim.
- This hole--never gonna
be big enough, billy.
You know what, man?
I am sick
of your lame-ass attitude!
God, I mean...
You got to make it a hundred
times worse than what it is!
Is this
a bad situation? Yes!
I mean, are we doing
everything that we can
To get out of it?
You bet your ass we are!
I don't understand
what the point
Of jumping on my case
about it is every five seconds!
The point is, I'm done.
I'm done.
We've made our money.
We've made it
and then some.
Promise me we're out.
This is it.
No more illegal crap,
no more chop shop.
We're done.
It's over, billy.
Let's just go back
to fixing cars.
Riggins rigs,
brothers, that's it.
Keep it simple.
Promise me that.
We're done.
Okay.
And I want you to stop
yelling at me
Because I didn't go
to college.
Okay.
Anything else?
- Yeah.
[billy laughs]
And I also want to be
a partner.
Maybe.
I'm kidding.
Okay.
- Okay.
- Just 'cause
you're a partner
Doesn't mean
I can't tell you to dig,
So let's...
Let's dig.
- Hi.
Is miss taylor here?
Yeah, she is.
- Oh, hey.
Come on in.
Um, it's all right.
Go on into the kitchen.
- I'm really sorry
I woke you guys up.
- It's okay.
It's all right.
Go on back to bed,
sweetheart.
- I have an appointment
for my abortion tomorrow.
My mom knows.
She's coming with me.
Good.
So why do I feel
so weird?
'cause it's a hard thing.
This is a hard situation.
Have you thought
about what you want?
We don't have any money.
I'm in the tenth grade.
It was my first time...
[voice breaking]
and I threw it away,
And I don't want to throw
my life away.
It was just...
It was just really obvious
That my mom wants me
to have this abortion...
Because...
Because I was her mistake.
And she has to just struggle
and hurt every day,
And she wanted better,
and I knew better,
And I was just thinking,
you know, forget what she wants.
Like, what do I want?
And maybe I could
take care of this baby,
And maybe
I would be good at it.
And I could love it,
and I would be there for it.
And then I was just thinking
about how awful it would be
If I had the baby,
And then I spent the rest
of my life resenting him...
Or her.
Do you think I'm going to hell
if I have an abortion?
No, honey, I don't.
- What would you
tell your daughter?
I would tell her...
To think about her life...
And think about
what's important to her
And what she wants.
And I'd tell her that
she's in a real tough spot...
And that I would support
whatever decision she made.
- I can't take care
of a baby.
I can't.
Hey.
You guys want ride?
- No.
- Hey.
No, we'll be okay.
Come on!
What?
Go get 'em!
Come on, 44!
Push him inside!
Don't let him
get to the sideline!
All right, caleb!
Okay, caleb, how many times
I got to tell you,
You want to
push your man inside!
- Don't let him
use the sideline!
Hey, force him
into the middle
So that he can't use
his speed!
Look, that's the third time that
they've run that sweep play.
You got to be
ready for it.
Hey, caleb!
- Let's go, panthers!
[rhythmic clapping]
Let's go, panthers!
- You have fun
out there, hear?
- Mm-hmm.
- All right.
Whoo!
Let's go, panthers!
- The panthers
ain't nothing!
Come on, caleb!
- Get that defense!
Come on!
- And visiting hours
are on thursdays
Between 4:00 and 7:00.
And group starts
in about ten minutes, so...
I'll give you
a few moments, okay?
Appreciate that.
- You know I'm gonna be home
real soon, okay?
And I-I-I don't want you
worrying about me.
Listen to me.
I believe in you.
You can do this.
- I know.
I can do this.
Come here.
Okay.
It's okay.
Thank you.
Sure, vince.
[whispering]
it's okay now, really.
We'll take good care of you.
Don't worry.
You're doing
the right thing.
Hey. Hi.
- For today, the total bill
will be $4,000.
How did you
want to pay for that?
Um...
Here you go.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
I got you, man.
- I'm sorry it's been
so hard for us to talk
The last couple of days.
Um, listen, becky, if...
I'm sorry if in any way
I've made you feel like
This whole thing
is just your problem,
'cause it's not, okay?
I guess I just really
need you to know that--
That you're not in...
That I will be there
No matter what, okay?
I will, um...
Like, help us raise our kid
Or help you.
Um...
And I know
that we're young,
And I know that--
That we don't know each other
very well right now,
But, uh--
but that doesn't matter.
Whatatters is that
You need to know
you're not alone in this.
Luke, I took care of it.
So you don't have to worry.
Okay.
Are you--
are you all right?
Yeah, I'm fine.
It was--
it was the right thing to do.
Yeah.
- Yeah, um,
thanks for calling me.
I'll see you at school.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, bye.
Transcript by addic7ed.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org